# Meeting Notes

## Information
### Date
27/10/2020

### Members Present
Cade, Kyle, ~~Ilja~~

### Absences
Ilja absent due to network issues.


## Summary
### Purpose
Supervisor meeting

### Outcomes
- Versioning template idea approved by Stephen.
- Stephen to send contacts for both academic and administrative. To ask in project week.
- Potential to host on raptor ignoring SAML2.
- Linux (raptor) API "inotify"
    - Hook file changes to track changes.


## Tasks
Jira reference link: https://weffs.atlassian.net/browse/REFERENCE

### Completed
| Task              | Date          | Jira reference    |
| ----------------- | ------------- | ----------------- |
| None              |               |                   |
|                                                       |

<br/>
<br/>

### To-do
| Task                              | Date          | Jira reference    |
| --------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------------- |
| Add Stephen to BitBucket/Jira     | 27/10/2020    | N/A               |
|                                                                       |
